Once you have your project on GitHub,
it's time to present your findings to the world.
One of the most popular networks for sharing anything and everything, is Medium.
This wonderful platform will be your friend
for this project as a means to share your findings.
Below, you can find a link to a post on how to get started with Medium.
As an introverted person,
worried about what others will think,
I can relate to being afraid to post your work to the world.
But it's a way to stand out,
this is especially true if you're trying to break
into a new field or are freshly out of school.
The best way to show someone you can do a job is to show them what you've done,
and Medium is a great spot to share your work as a data scientist.